caf: ble_adv: Add wake up on connection in grace period (#8550)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    The subsystem is now used instead of the :file:`*.def` file to configure advertising data and scan response data.
  * Bluetooth device name is no longer automatically included in scan response data.
    A dedicated data provider (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV_DEVICE_NAME`) can be used to add the Bluetooth device name to the scan response data.

>   * Added wakeup when connection was made in grace perdiod - wake up the whole system to avoid inconsistent power state between modules.

Author: OK

    A dedicated data provider (:kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_LE_ADV_PROV_DEVICE_NAME`) can be used to add the Bluetooth device name to the scan response data.
  * Added :c:struct:`ble_adv_data_update_event` that can be used to trigger update of advertising data and scan response data during undirected advertising.
    When the event is received, the module gets new data from providers and updates advertising payload.

>   * Added wakeup when connection was made in grace perdiod - wake up the whole system to avoid inconsistent power state between modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Added a wakeup call when connection is made in the grace period.
    With this change, the call wakes up the whole system to avoid inconsistent power state between modules.
```
